# Fanta-Sci

The Fanta-Sci web app is a fantasy football analytics tool for the sports-nerd in us all. Fantasy sports is a multi-billion dollar industry that millions of people across the globe play. The most important variable for a fantasy fan is the Projected Points for a given player for a given game. The most successful fantasy players employ advanced statistics to make the best predictions on who to start in their fantasy leagues. This can be quite prohibitive, requiring great technical skill and understanding of advanced mathematics. Fanta-Sci aims to end that by allowing the casual fan to go under the hood and tinker with the prediction algorithms that go into a fantasy sports projection. With Fanta-Sci, users are able to manipulate the values of the individual variables that go into a fantasy projection. Users then have better understanding and control over their fantasy rosters and can better compare players and choose who to play when the games begin.

Fanta-Sci pulls player data off of the public profootballapi.com and filters it into a linear regression predictive algorithm using the Scikit-Learn public library. Using python and a django web framework, we have built a simple user interface, where users can easily interact with the app by editing league scoring rules, choosing players by position, editing the variables that go into a projected score, and ultimately comparing players with their custom prediction. Fanta-Sci, the science of fantasy football: taking the black box out of fantasy prediction.
